Blogpost for kubelet credential providers (#38139)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/kubelet-credential-provider/kubelet-credential-provider.md

> content_type: task

Reviewer: In `content/en/docs/concepts/containers/images.md` under `## Using a private registry` add the following reference to this doc:

```
### Kubelet Credential Provider

{{< note >}}
This approach is suitable when kubelet needs to fetch registry credentials dynamically.
Most commonly used for registries provided by cloud providers where auth tokens are short-lived. 
{{< /note >}}

The Kubelet can be configured to invoke a plugin binary to dynamically fetch registry credentials for a container image.
This is the most robust and versatile way to fetch credentials for private registries, but also requires kubelet-level configuration to enable.

See the [Kubelet Credential Proivder](./content/en/docs/tasks/kubelet-credential-provider/kubelet-credential-provider.md) docs for more details.      
```

(or something like that)

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

> * The kubelet image credential provider has been a beta feature since v1.24.0 and is enabled by default. With v1.26, the feature has reached General Availability (GA).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You need a Kubernetes cluster with nodes that support kubelet credential
  provider plugins. This support is available in Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}};
  Kubernetes v1.24 and v1.25 included this as a beta feature, enabled by default.
```

The feature state shortcode, above, shows when the feature reached GA.

* A working implementation of a credential provider exec plugin. You can build your own plugin or use one provided by cloud providers.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

{{< version-check >}}

```
This tells readers how to find out what version of Kubernetes they have.

```yaml

> apiVersion: kubelet.config.k8s.io/v1alpha1

Reviewer: Use v1

Reviewer: Same on line 101
